# http://editorconfig.org
root = true

[*]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.md]
trim_trailing_whitespace = false

[*.js]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.jsx]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.css]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.styl]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.scss]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.html]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true

[*.xml]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true

[*.styl]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.css]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.styl]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.scss]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.html]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true

[*.xml]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
